Update for Neo4j5 (#1775)
DataDog/integrations-extras: neo4j/README.md

## Overview

> Neo4j[1] is the leading enterprise-strength graph database that combines native graph storage, advanced security, scalable speed-optimized architecture, and ACID compliance to ensure predictability and integrity of relationship-based queries. Powered by a native graph database, Neo4j stores and manages data in its more natural, connected state, maintaining data relationships that deliver lightning-fast queries, deeper context for analytics, and a pain-free modifiable data model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neo4j[1] is an enterprise-strength graph database that combines native graph storage, advanced security, scalable speed-optimized architecture, and ACID compliance to ensure predictability and integrity of relationship-based queries. Neo4j stores and manages data in its more natural, connected state, maintaining data relationships that deliver lightning-fast queries, deeper context for analytics, and a pain-free modifiable data model.
```

Slight wording suggestions. Removing 'leading' as we avoid marketing-type language in integrations listings. Removing "Powered by a native graph database" as it's repetitive.

Neo4j metrics enable database administers to monitor their Neo4j deployments. DBAs want to understand the memory usage (heap and page cache), number of transactions, cluster status, database size (including number of nodes, relationsihps and properties), and query performance. 

> With this integration, you can link to the Neo4j metrics that take you to the dashboards you need. This allows you and your DBAs to troubleshoot and monitor the health of your Neo4j databses based on the most relevant metrics. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this integration, you receive the most important and most used Neo4j metrics, along with out-of-the-box dashboards, that allow you and your DBAs to troubleshoot and monitor the health of your Neo4j databases. 
```

> This integration includes dashboards that contain the metrics that have been identified as the most important and most used for management of Neo4j databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This sentence feels a bit repetitive after editing the above paragraph.

## Overview

> The Neo4j integration for Datadog enables data collection and alerting on a [Neo4j][1] metrics available at the Prometheus endpoint, using the Datadog platform.

Reviewer 2: The overview should include: 
- What Neo4j does in 1-2 sentences
- The value of this integration (this is mentioned but would be helpful to know the value of collection and alerting on neo4j)
- What data is collected

The integration allows you to monitor standalone Neo4j instances as well as Neo4j causal cluster instances.

## Updates
In [Neo4j 5][9], all metric names now include dbms or database namespaces.

Default dashboards for Neo4j 4 and Neo4j 5 are included in this check.

> This check has been tested against Neo4j 4 and Neo4j 5 databases. If there are any issues, contact DataDog support or support@neo4j.com.

Reviewer 2: We don't need an update section here, instead, let's break this down to neo4j v4 and neo4j v5 and what is collected. example 

This integration supports Neo4j version 4 and Neo4j version 5. 

### Neo4j version 4
The following data is collected and provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards:
<data> 

### Neo4j version 5
The following data is collected and provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards:

Please note each version collects a different set of metrics. The versions are listed in the description of the metric.

Author: I think this is all done.

## Overview

[Neo4j][1] is an enterprise-strength graph database that combines native graph storage, advanced security, scalable speed-optimized architecture, and ACID compliance to ensure predictability and integrity of relationship-based queries. Neo4j stores and manages data in its more natural, connected state, maintaining data relationships that deliver lightning-fast queries, deeper context for analytics, and a pain-free modifiable data model.

Neo4j metrics enable database administrators to monitor their Neo4j deployments. DBAs want to understand the memory usage (heap and page cache), number of transactions, cluster status, database size (including number of nodes, relationsihps and properties), and query performance. 

> With this integration, you receive the most important and most used Neo4j metrics, along with out-of-the-box dashboards that allow you and your DBAs to troubleshoot and monitor the health of your Neo4j databases. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this integration, visualize important Neo4j metrics in our out-of-the-box dashboards and enable your DBAs to troubleshoot and monitor the health of your Neo4j databases.
```

## Overview

> Neo4j[1] is an enterprise-strength graph database that combines native graph storage, advanced security, scalable speed-optimized architecture, and ACID compliance to ensure predictability and integrity of relationship-based queries. Neo4j stores and manages data in its more natural, connected state, maintaining data relationships that deliver lightning-fast queries, deeper context for analytics, and a pain-free modifiable data model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Neo4j][1] is an enterprise-strength graph database that combines native graph storage, advanced security, scalable speed-optimized architecture, and ACID compliance to ensure predictability and integrity of relationship-based queries. Neo4j stores and manages data in its more natural, connected state, maintaining data relationships that deliver lightning-fast queries, deeper context for analytics, and a pain-free modifiable data model.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Metrics

**Neo4j Version 4**
Neo4j 4 metrics are collected as documented [here][11]. The most commonly monitored metrics are provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards. 

**Neo4j Version 5**
Neo4j 5 metrics are collected as documented [here][10]. The most commonly monitored metrics are provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards. 

Please note each version collects a different set of metrics. The versions are listed in the description of the metric.

See [metadata.csv][6] for the full list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

Service check `neo4j.prometheus.health` is submitted in the base check

### Events

Neo4j does not include any events.
```

> Neo4j metrics enable database administers to monitor their Neo4j deployments. DBAs want to understand the memory usage (heap and page cache), number of transactions, cluster status, database size (including number of nodes, relationsihps and properties), and query performance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neo4j metrics enable database administrators to monitor their Neo4j deployments. DBAs want to understand the memory usage (heap and page cache), number of transactions, cluster status, database size (including number of nodes, relationsihps and properties), and query performance. 
```

> With this integration, you receive the most important and most used Neo4j metrics, along with out-of-the-box dashboards, that allow you and your DBAs to troubleshoot and monitor the health of your Neo4j databases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this integration, you receive the most important and most used Neo4j metrics, along with out-of-the-box dashboards that allow you and your DBAs to troubleshoot and monitor the health of your Neo4j databases. 
```

### Metrics

**Neo4j Version 4**
Neo4j 4 metrics are collected as documented [here][11]. The most commonly monitored metrics are provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards. 

**Neo4j Version 5**
Neo4j 5 metrics are collected as documented [here][10]. The most commonly monitored metrics are provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards. 

Please note each version collects a different set of metrics. The versions are listed in the description of the metric.

See [metadata.csv][6] for the full list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

Service check `neo4j.prometheus.health` is submitted in the base check

### Events

Neo4j does not include any events.
Neo4j metrics enable database administrators to monitor their Neo4j deployments. DBAs want to understand the memory usage (heap and page cache), number of transactions, cluster status, database size (including number of nodes, relationsihps and properties), and query performance. 

> With this integration, you receive the most important and most used Neo4j metrics, along with out-of-the-box dashboards that allow you and your DBAs to troubleshoot and monitor the health of your Neo4j databases. 

Reviewer 2: This looks like it should be moved under the overview section as well above metrics? @davidfauth

## Overview

This check monitors [neo4j][1] through the Datadog Agent.
In [Neo4j 5][9], all metric names now include dbms or database namespaces.

> This check has been tested against Neo4j 4 and Neo4j 5 databases. If there are any issues, contact DataDog support or support@neo4j.com

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This check has been tested against Neo4j 4 and Neo4j 5 databases. If there are any issues, contact DataDog support or support@neo4j.com.
```

Reviewer 2: @davidfauth wanted to bump this for you :)

> 

Reviewer 2: Overview should include:

1. What neo4j does in 1-2 sentences 
2. The value of this integration
3. What type of data is being collected - you can specify out each version and what is collected

Ex: 
With this integration, you can collect both Neo4j and Neo4j version 5 metrics to monitor abc.

Author: Updated. Thanks.

Author: Created 2 default dashboards. Probably not the most beautiful dashboards that you have ever seen.

   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-neo4j==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>
   ```

### Configuration

1. Edit the `neo4j.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your neo4j performance data. See the [sample neo4j.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

> 2. Neo4j uses port 5000 for clustering. It is recommended that you modify the datadog.yaml[12] file and change the default port for both dogstatsd_stats_port and expvar_port. If this is not changed, Neo4j may not start.

Reviewer 4: Hey @davidfauth, is it possible to change the port Neo4j uses for clustering? Rather than changing the default settings on the Agent, it makes more sense to change it for the integration, as there might be other functionality that customers have for `dogstatsd_stats_port` and `expvar_port`. Also, is this a change introduced in v5? Customers running v4 of Neo4j don't need to do this?

Author: I haven't come across this before. We could recommend that we change the default port to 5001.
Thoughts?

Author: @yzhan289 I made a change to request that the customer change the Neo4j port.

Reviewer 4: Thanks!

   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-neo4j==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>
   ```

### Configuration

1. Edit the `neo4j.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your neo4j performance data. See the [sample neo4j.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

> 2. Edit the `neo4j.d/neo4j.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuraiton directory. See the [sample neo4j.d/neo4j.yaml][10] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Edit the `neo4j.d/neo4j.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory. See the [sample neo4j.d/neo4j.yaml][10] for all available configuration options.
```

1. Edit the `neo4j.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your neo4j performance data. See the [sample neo4j.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

2. Edit the `neo4j.d/neo4j.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuraiton directory. See the [sample neo4j.d/neo4j.yaml][10] for all available configuration options.

> 3. The neo4j_url has been replaced by host. Please ensure any updates use host.

Reviewer 2: Is this applicable to both versions?

Author: Removing since it is legacy from the 3.5 -> 4.0 code

### Metrics

**Neo4j Version 4**
Neo4j 4 metrics are collected as documented [here][11]. The most commonly monitored metrics are provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards. 

**Neo4j Version 5**
Neo4j 5 metrics are collected as documented [here][10]. The most commonly monitored metrics are provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards. 

Please note each version collects a different set of metrics. The versions are listed in the description of the metric.

See [metadata.csv][6] for the full list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

Service check `neo4j.prometheus.health` is submitted in the base check

### Events

> Neo4j does not include any events.

Reviewer 2: Let's move this under the overview sections so it will appear on the Neo4j tile

Reviewer 2: @davidfauth Can you remove this section since we moved it up?

Author: See if this works.

### Metrics

> Neo4j version 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Neo4j Version 4**
```

> Neo4j 4 metrics are collected as documented [here][12]. The most commonly monitored metrics are provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Neo4j 4 metrics are collected as documented [here][12]. The most commonly monitored metrics are provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards. 
```

> Neo4j version 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Neo4j Version 5**
```

> Neo4j 5 metrics are collected as documented [here][11]. The most commonly monitored metrics are provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Neo4j 5 metrics are collected as documented [here][11]. The most commonly monitored metrics are provided in the out-of-the-box dashboards. 
```

Author: This one might have gotten caught in the update I made to the readme file.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][7].

Reviewer 2: This should be Neo4j support email

Author: Thanks. I was out of the office last week.
Just made the requested changes.
